well howdy they're gonna have people
let's bow again so tonight we're gonna
talk about two sayings and how those two
sayings can help explain something that
everybody's speculating on right now
everybody's pointing fingers over a
recent incident something that just
happened and you can help bring it into
focus a little bit first
never attribute to malice what can
adequately be explained away by
stupidity Hanlan's razor hind lunch
razor there's much variations of this
saying has been around for a while the
origins are unclear earliest one that I
am aware of was in a Jain West book in
the early 1800s so that's one just
because something appears to be
malicious doesn't necessarily mean that
it is it could just be incompetence in
fact it most likely is the other saying
definitely a more American saying
Rangers lead the way probably seen it on
the back of pickup trucks t-shirts
Rangers are some of our Special
Operations guys that's their that's
their saying it's their motto indicates
that they are typically among the first
in any conflict what do they do what do
they excel at what are they just amazing
at doing taking over airports airfield
seizure how do they get there big planes
something pops up on radar not really
sure what it is tensions it out high a
reaction instead of a response this is
what you get it is probably that simple
we don't have all of the information yet
but that's more than likely what
happened conflicts conflicts do not
exist in a vacuum
they're not isolated from everything
else they impact everything around them
from the economy to food security to
health care incidents like this it's all
interconnected
that's why we probably shouldn't support
them for any little thing and they
shouldn't be undertaken lightly because
stuff like this can happen people right
now are trying to figure out who to
blame it doesn't matter
it really doesn't might provide the
family some closure but at the end of
the day knowing who to blame the US or
on the UK operation boot it depends on
how far back you want to go
it doesn't matter we all have our hands
in this because we all tend to support
violence to solve any problem this is
the result in conflict civilians always
suffer the most and I know somebody six
foot two red white and blue out there
saying we'd never do that
July 3rd 1988 flight 655 out of Iran
poof gone 290 260 I think it's 290 gone
in an instant
we did the exact same thing the exact
same thing
we can learn from this we can we can
learn that our rhetoric and our support
for these kind of actions leads to this
kind of stuff but we most likely won't
and it will continue the reason I know
that this tragedy won't change anything
most likely not anytime soon anyway is
because it is a tragedy today it was a
tragedy yesterday it was a tragedy the
day before and the day before and the
day before going back 19 years there is
a slight difference this time some of
the people involved the collateral and
now all of a sudden that word seems
really harsh right because we can
identify with these people they're not
others right
be collateral for the last 19 years
they weren't others either they were
people
it is a tragedy and it's something we
really should take to heart especially
in the United States where you have a
bunch of people constantly saying well
it's time we need to do this the
Boogaloo you're ready as fine
you're nice ready there uncle your
brother nephew because odds are it's
gonna be them not the person that's
ready civilians always suffering the
most we have got to tone down the
rhetoric we have got to tone down the
support for violence or we'll have
another tragedy tomorrow anyway it's
just a thought
y'all have a good night